Don't move.
be honest
Hand over the bones in your body
Don't deny that I let you solve so many cases
Just to make sure he exists
If he doesn't agree with you, you will die here with your sister-in-law
For an ethereal longevity
You hurt the world
Is it worth it to lie to your daughter?
Bullshit. You've never been in a war
How do you know that you are seriously ill with a heavy soldier in hand?
The pain of not being able to achieve revenge until death
Gu Ling, I know you can hear me
If you want this kid to live
Quickly find out the secrets in the book and tell me
Sister, don't listen to him
That's all.
This secret has killed many people
We all want to live forever.
But they all went crazy on this road
Your secret to longevity
Without the last scene, isn't it the soul of knowledge?
I'm right here.
As long as you are willing to release Song Xuan
I'll tell you a secret about ancient books
Hurry up and find the secrets in the monuments and tell me
Or I'll shoot him